Do you feel this project helped you to understand the following ideas:
(please answer yes, no, somewhat, and comment on what if anything could have improved your learning experience).

1. The main steps of a robot localization algorithm
yes
comment: It's good! I think giving us an example of localization with a known direction in class, and letting us figure out
a case where the direction is unknown, is challenging but interesting. I don't think there's much to improve this, except maybe 
extending on this topic a little after all the assignments have been completed.

2. Dealing with real-world sensors
yes
comment: Maybe it would be nice if you could've told us where to place the sensors so that it works best, and taught us how
to build a robot for those of us with no lego/robotics experience. 

3. Dealing with real-world motors and robot motions
yes
comment: Maybe you could've explained strategies on how to find the best values for the motors? Because every motor is 
different, and every move could be different depending on location changes. 

4. Using probabilities to keep track of belief about a robot's position
yes
comment: this is perfect. I think the lecture and the lecture notes provided the perfect example -- it's very informative,
easy to understand, and easy to visualize. 

5. Managing uncertainty (e.g. in the quality of sensor readings, or accuracy of robot motions)
yes
comment: I think the learning experience is pretty good, but an extension of this project I'm interested in is 
if we could do calibration continuously for a changing environment. For example, with color calibration, 
sometimes the color detection/probability would be inaccurate due to the sun getting temporary blocked by clouds, and then 
30 seconds later it'll return normal again. 

6. Do you feel confident you could implement a probabilistic localization algorithm for a more complex robot,
   working in a real world environment? (please explain your answer)
somewhat
comment: This is hard enough D: . Real world is much more complicated than some colors on a map unfortunately, and there are 
more than 4 directions a robot could face. 

7. Any other comments regarding your experience with this project?
It's difficult, but fun! Love this course. I need 16 hours of sleep after this. 
